Everybody's going to want to know how do
you work out? A lot of women are models
and sometimes when you talk to them
either they're just like skinny or some
of them are kind of too muscular. They
don't fit the perfect form of the model
and I think that's something that you
have mastered.
[Music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I am a doctor
of biomedical engineering. I speak on
all things physiology, specifically
physical medicine interventions for
disease treatment. Also, I developed a
product that is looking at getting those
who cannot grow muscle with regular
weights to be able to grow muscle with
regular weights. And we are talking to
my wife Caroline Jacquish today and
we're talking about uh her workout
routine. Caroline is a professional
model and she just got the cover of FHM
magazine and very proud of her for that.
And she's going to tell us a little bit
about what she does and how she applies
exercise science knowledge. a lot of it
based on my book weightlifting is a
waste of time and talk about exercise
and nutrition and how she stays in this
incredible shape with poise and grace so
she can present the different what is it
I mean you're tomorrow you're you're
doing a fashion show in LA tell us a
little bit about that what are you doing
I want people to know what your
lifestyle is like
>> okay well actually I do a lot of
pageantss and bikini competitions so
I've been doing that for around four
years now And that really holds me
accountable to stay in this shape and
have this physique.
>> Nice. Okay. So, everybody's going to
want to know, how do you work out? A lot
of women are models. And sometimes when
you talk to them, either they're just
like skinny or some of them are kind of
too muscular. They don't fit the perfect
form of the model. And I think that's
something that you have mastered. And
let me tell you, I didn't help when it
came to how to develop the perfect model
physique cuz I don't know. I mean,
there's no scientific studies on that.
So, how do you use X3?
>> Well, I started using X3 about four
years ago when we first met and I had
never really lifted traditional weights
before then. I was really skinny when I
started and I basically built the muscle
mass I have now with X3 exclusively. So,
I've had no injuries while doing it. I
followed the 12-week program at first
and now that I've acquired the muscle
mass that I desire and my job desires me
to have. I kind of work out maybe three
times a week with X3, but at first it
was 5 days a week and following the
12week training program. So, hitting
every single body part. And now I focus
primarily on my legs and my lower half
and some indirect abdominal work as well
with deadlift and overhead press.
>> Right. Now, you make sure you work the
diminishing range, right?
>> Yes.
>> So, diminishing range is when you're
doing repetitions and then you can't
complete repetitions because the
weight's so high at the top that you
shorten the repetitions as you go. So
each rep gets a little bit shorter and
so you're actually fatiguing the entire
muscle with all of its capability. And
this is something you cannot do with a
weight. Very important. And this is why
variable resistance is so much more
powerful. Um now let's shift a little
bit to nutrition because that's the
other question that a lot of women are
going to have. Uh you know they're
looking at me and they're looking at
okay I don't want to look like that guy.
But they do want to look like you. So
you're 5'8
120 lbs, right? Yep. And so you get 120
g of protein a day
>> at the very least. Sometimes I go up to
200 g. It really just depends on what
the rest of my diet looks like for that
day and also if I'm off season or on
season for preparation for a pageant.
>> You are most days at a calorie deficit
>> pretty much every day. It's really hard
for me to meet maintenance calories or
especially go over that just because I'm
like a two meal a day type of girl. I
don't really eat breakfast most days cuz
I like a fasted workout and I always do
my workout in the morning. So, usually I
have a big lunch and a big dinner, but
my heaviest meal is probably lunch.
>> And it's hard to go over with calories
when you're primarily carnivore, which
you are. Now, I don't like labels. I
mentioned that in a few videos cuz I we
laugh about this. I know 20 guys who do
carnivore and they've all got a
different set of rules for the way they
apply that. And with women, you probably
know 20 women that do carnivore and it's
all so low carbohydrate generally. I
think women do better with slightly
higher carbohydrates. What are your
grams of carbohyd?
>> Max would be around 50 to 70 gram.
>> Okay. Minimum on some days. I've done a
whole prep being strictly carnivore and
I mean like strictly zero carbohydrates
grams of carbohydrates
>> and any carbs that I did get was from
either eggs or dairy products but other
than that it was just meat and water and
my dairy but I did that I got down to
10% body fat and as a female it's not
really the healthiest to stay there for
very long which is why I decided to
increase my carbohydrates um for these
next couple years. It's important to
point that out because and you we we'll
show your before and after. You got to
the point where you were almost like
fitness competitor shredded
>> and that's not great for modeling.
That's a little too far. So, you
actually had to up your carbs to put on
a little more body fat
>> and just to feel normal. And with a lot
of women who do get that lean, you start
losing your menstrual cycle and other
things that you need as women. So I I do
agree with what you said earlier about
women needing a little bit higher
carbohydrates than men.
>> Yeah, for sure. They they just feel more
comfortable. I think guys can tolerate a
lower amount of carbohydrates. Based on
the meta analysis that Menoh Henzelman's
did, 20 g is basically the highest I go.
We got your your workout. Your workout
is basically the standard X3 program and
then
your carbohydrates basically capped at
50 and then your two meals a day.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> And get around 10,000 steps a day. I
don't think you really need to go over
that. Just make sure your body is moving
consistently just because for me it it
it's little to do with the walking, but
it's it's more having to do with just
like an object in motion stays in
motion. And if I am someone who's laying
on the couch all day, I'm typically not
going to follow through with the rest of
my workouts throughout the week. So, I I
do prioritize 10,000 steps a day.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Awesome. Well, thanks for doing this.
>> Thank you.
>> If this video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you.